
I am interested in this internship opportunity. Many thanks for your email and apologies for missing your email the first time. It was very busy semester and I am just done with my finals. 

Here are the information you asked for,
Please describe your PhD research in a few sentences.
Ans: Industrial control systems (ICS) have become the major targets for Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) attacks [1, 11, 12]. Once an ICS intrusion has been discovered, to limit the losses, it is extremely critical to securely recover from the attack in a timely manner [8]. Attack causality tracking has been well studied in traditional computer systems. Prior work [2,3–5,6,7,9,10], including some of Mu’s research [8,13], proposed to model causality as the relationships among operating system-level objects, such as processes, files and sockets, and backtrack attack traces based upon their logic relations. But the fundamental limitation is the causality models for computer systems that cannot capture the diverse high-level semantics of ICS-specific attacks, which span both cyber and physical domains.
My research aims to address this problem via developing a novel attack causality system CPS-Tracker that can automatically and efficiently discover attack provenance on the factory floor.

What is your strongest programming language?
Ans: I like to work in python. But I developed an LLVM Passes(libraries or, .so files) in C++ for my research project.

What month and year did you begin your PhD program? What month and year do you expect to graduate from your PhD program?
Ans: I started my Ph.D. program in 23 August 2021 and I expect to graduate in 15 December 2025.

Who is your PhD advisor? Do they support you taking on an internship? (If unsure, please initiate a conversation with your advisor.)
Ans: My PhD advisor is Mu Zhang. Yes, he supports me taking on internships. 

We are currently recruiting for Menlo Park, CA, Seattle, WA, and New York City, NY. Please indicate if there are any location constraints or if you are open to all based on the team match. Your location selection may influence which teams you are able to be considered for.
Ans: I am open to all the locations based on the team match. 

We are currently hiring for 12-week internships with start dates in Summer 2024, please confirm that you are targeting this timeframe.
Ans: Yeah, I am targeting Summer 2024.

Are you actively interviewing and do you have any deadlines (pending offers, etc)? If so, what are the dates and which companies?
Ans: Currently, I don't have any deadlines for intern interviews.

Optional: Do you have any friends or colleagues that you would recommend we reach out to about PhD internship or full-time opportunities?
Ans: I don't know anyone actively looking for internships now.

I have attached my resume with this email. I would also like to know more about full-time opportunities.


References:
1-FireEye. Advanced Persistent Threat Groups. ”https://www.fireeye.com/current- threats/apt-groups.html”, 2019.
2-A. Goel, K. Po, K. Farhadi, Z. Li, and E. de Lara. The Taser Intrusion Recov- ery System. In Proceedings of the Twentieth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP’05, 2005.
3-T. Kim, X. Wang, N. Zeldovich, and M. F. Kaashoek. Intrusion recovery using selective re-execution. In Proceedings of the 9th USENIX Conference on Operating Systems Design and Implementation, OSDI’10, 2010.
4-S. King, Z. M. Mao, D. C. Lucchetti, and P. M. Chen. Enriching Intrusion Alerts Through Multi-Host Causality. In Proceedings of the 2005 Network and Distributed Systems Security Symposium, NDSS’05, 2005.
5-S. T. King and P. M. Chen. Backtracking Intrusions. In Proceedings of the Nineteenth ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, SOSP’03, 2003.
6-K. H. Lee, X. Zhang, and D. Xu. High Accuracy Attack Provenance via Binary-based Execution Partition. In Proceedings of the 2013 Network and Distributed Systems Security Symposium, NDSS’13, 2013.
7-K. H. Lee, X. Zhang, and D. Xu. Loggc: garbage collecting audit log. In Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer and Communications Security, CCS’13, 2013.
8-Y. Liu, M. Zhang, D. Li, K. Jee, Z. Li, Z. Wu, J. Rhee, and P. Mittal. Towards a Timely Causality Analysis for Enterprise Security. In Proceedings of the 2018 Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS’18), 2018.
9-S. Ma, K. H. Lee, C. H. Kim, J. Rhee, X. Zhang, and D. Xu. Accurate, Low Cost and Instrumentation-Free Security Audit Logging for Windows. In Proceedings of the 31st Annual Computer Security Applications Conference, ACSAC’15, 2015.
10-S. Ma, X. Zhang, and D. Xu. Protracer: Towards practical provenance tracing by alternating between logging and tainting. In Proceedings of the 2016 Network and Distributed Systems Security Symposium, NDSS’16, 2016.
11-D. Rodillas. Spotlight on Advanced Persistent Threats in Industrial Control Sys- tems. ”https://blog.paloaltonetworks.com/2015/07/spotlight-on-advanced-persistent- threats-in-industrial-control-systems/”, 2015.
12-Symantec. Advanced Persistent Threats: A Symantec Perspective. ”https://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/enterprise/white papers/b- advanced persistent threats -WP 21215957.en-us.pdf”, 2011.
13-Y. Tang, D. Li, Z. Li, M. Zhang, K. Jee, X. Xiao, Z. Wu, J. Rhee, F. Xu, and Q. Li. Nodemerge: Template based efficient data reduction for big-data causality analysis. In Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security, CCS ’18, 2018.
